before percent of his passes here's the
other quarterback
hello
he will go
close adult the environment well away
from home
Barker hands it off
football likely his final season of
football here at Clemson Harper on the
Wildcat Rana make news instead gets home
he'll after a reform right in his
ribcage to see if those ribs were okay
just to get off the block or Parker
those must be laid out for it made an
incredible graph from the 33 Harper
again our per yard touchdown run jacory
harris had one completion but it went
for a touchdown here is Ellington again
for the Tigers diverse than five after
the offside penalty from the 14 of Miami
play action Parker being chased Parker
throwing on the play action this was
going outside 10 play the dr Ellington
finds a hole inside the 10
ellington patient beautiful cut back and
touchdown ice he's looking down better
than the whole time
out to this second down and 12 after the
two yard setback another run play
and Harper he writes out on it doesn't
mean you go to a good football player or
smart football Parker's pass tipped and
intercepted picked off by Marcus Forston
on the redirection Miami takes over
inside the clemson plumbing starts out
with recognition by Allen Bailey number
57 coming off the left end see Alan
Bailey right here sees a three-step drop
and gets his hands up in the air to
knock it down we were talking in the
pregame about the wingspan of Allen
Bailey when you have a guy like Forston
defense live in the kitchen but if
you're Clemson's all friends tackle you
got a quick throw like that you
all comes out to the 20 years Ellington
hit in the backfield and spilled
and Parker in trouble Tony goes Olivier
Vernon
and Mark is forced in both therefore the
cane the cupboard second
the protection was pretty decent and
Parker steps up but the problem is when
you look at it nobody's open for Clemson
nobody can create any separation they're
sitting there playing a zone defense Cal
Parker their second of a country in that
category
14 Barker ass behind his intended
recession book
a penalty on the Tigers on the return
Ellington hit in the backfield down he
goes it helps clomp clomp sit up
tremendously here with field position
run play on first down and Harper
Parker with time on third and a token
man to ron brown first out Clemson food
to Ron Ron Brown is a wide receiver
coming across your shallow right there
the two weeks ago so that's got to feel
good to come up with a big play on third
down play fake and I throwback to the
opposite side of the field leading
rusher in a country it name he's
breaking records Parker on first down
goes back across the middle you're
saying there's a point Z State bison
bicycle about their yes
Barker big four stout and that has
tipped intercepted another turnover by
clemson